fix(storage-plugin): add storage fallback (#1820)
ngxs/store: docs/plugins/storage.md

- `key`: The key for the item to migrate. If not specified, it takes the entire storage state.

Note: Its important to specify the strategies in the order of which they should progress.

### Fallback storage

When default storage implementation is not available, we will default to a fallback implementation that will persist the state in memory until reload.

> This should avoid breaking apps upon loadingr or the need to create a custom storage engine to support this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should avoid breaking apps upon loading or creating a custom storage engine to support this use case.
```

> `Block third-party cookies and site data` from chromium browsers and related settings from modern browsers will disable localstorage implementation. Some browsers do this in their incognito mode by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Block third-party cookies and site data` from chromium browsers, and related settings from modern browsers will disable local storage implementation. Some browsers do this in their incognito mode by default.
```
